# Kummer Equation Solver

## DESCRIPTION
The routines in this directory is for calculating the spectrum of a system with two concentric region of magnetic field.

- Region 1 (Droplet): $r < R_0$, magnetic field $B_1$

- Region 2 (Annular): $r \geq R_0$, magnetic field $B_0$

Using symmetric gauge, the resulting Schrodinger's Equation can be simplified (in the radial component) to the Kummer Equation (also known as Confluent Hypergeometric Equation.) The general solutions are the Confluent Hypergeometric Functions of the First Kind (aka Kummer function) and the Second Kind (aka Tricomi function).

The wavefunction must be continuous and differentiable at r=R_0. This is only satisfied by the energy eigenvalues of the Hamiltonian. The main routine in this directory numerically solves for this boundary condition to find the energy eigenvalues.

This is a generalization of Landau, which is the special case when B_1 = B_0

## USAGE

### Generating the spectrum:

IMPORTANT: Before running, ensure there are two subdirectories called "energies" and "plots". 
If they doesn't exist, create them:

	mkdir energies
	mkdir plots

Then, the spectrum can be generated by the command as follows:

	python3 get_spectrum_m_v2.py --B_0 1.0 --flux_multiple 1.0 --R_0 1

The important parameters are 	
	--B_0: "Background" magnetic field. Default value is 1.0.
	--flux_multiple: total magnetic flux added to the inner region, multiple of the unit flux $h/e$.
	--R_0: radius of the inner region.
This way, the magnetic field inside the inner region is $B_1 = B_0+\text{flux}/π R_0^2$.

Multiple values can be indicated for `--flux_multiple` and `--R_0` parameter. A set of eigenvalues will be computed for every pair of paramters. For example:
	python3 get_spectrum_m.py --flux 0.5 1 --R_0 1 2
will generate four sets of eigenvalues.

Other optional parameters include:
	--flux: the total magnetic flux added to the inner region, in natural unit. Note that specifying --flux_multiple will override whatever is indicated here.
	--m_min: minimum value for the $L_z$ quantum number that will be used for calculation (default value = -6).
	--m_max: maximum value for the $L_z$ quantum number that will be used for calculation (default value = 60.
	--E_min: lower bound for the range of energy in which the eigenvalues are searched (default value = 0).
	--E_max: upper bound for the range of energy in which the eigenvalues are searched (default value = 10)

After completion:
- A `.dat` file will be generated in the subdirectory `energies/`. The left collumn is the energy and right collumn is the corresponding $L_z$ sector

### Plotting the spectrum
There is another script that can be used for plotting the spectrum:

	python3 plot_spectrum.py --B_0 1 --flux_multiple 1 --R_0 1

The parameters for this script are basically the same as above. When in doubt, run with the `-h` tag to display details.

A plot will be saved in `plots/`

### Getting the eigenstate
The radial component of the eigenstate(s) can be plotted by a separate script:

	python3 get_eigenstate_v2.py --flux 1 --R_0 1 -m 0 1 2 3

The parameters are:
	--B_0: same as above.
	--R_0: same as above. CANNOT input multiple values (single value only).
	--flux: same as --flux_multiple above. NOTE THAT THIS --flux IS NOT THE SAME AS --flux ABOVE. Sorry for the confusion there is a legacy reason why I made it this way.
	--m: The $L_z$ quantum number. Can be multiple values.
	--n: The energy index. 0 = lowest energy, 1 = second lowest, etc. Default value = 0
	--r_max: Maximum value of $r$ (radial component of position) to plot. Default value = 10
A plot will be saved in `plots/`
